DEAR {name}! YOU FEEL THIS MAGNIFICENT AROMA OF CHANEL... YES I AM HERE… COME TO ME AND USE THIS PERFUME ALWAYS AT YOUR LIFE! BE THE MOST FRAGRANT FOR ME, YOUR SPECIAL WOMAN!
I saw you here and thought what can such a nice man do at this agency? Are you lonely and dreaming about love?
I\'m here in search of love because love is the greatest feeling that makes this world to go round. Do you agree with me?
My name is Irina. I am working as the medical nurse. I have the white form and I would like to play with you in adult\’s games Smile Will you be my naughty patient? My heart is full of love, warmth and tenderness... I wish to have someone to share these feelings with ... I\'m here and ready to start the new page of my life...or our life. I hope you are a man who wants to feel my care, my warmth, my love... I am lack of sex also. I need the passionate man near me.
I\'m sociable person. I prefer to spend my rest closer to the nature with my native people. I like traveling but I haven\'t any possibility to do it. Travelling is an expensive thing for Ukrainians because we have the low level of the salaries. I hope you will show me this wonderful world, even if due your letters Smile
If I find the right man for me, I will leave my country and I go to foreign country without any doubts! I am dreaming about the serious relations with the interesting man for me. Ukrainian men just do not offer satisfactory or stable relationships such as the female in your country. I heard that their need for independence and the fact that the average female from your country likes to regard males as uselessly redundant. It is so rude about you and all men in your country! May be I am wrong, darling?

Can I tell you one secret? I am fond of swimming and I am dreaming to have the private sport center with a lot of training apparatus and the big swimming pool. Will you be my private trainer?

Well, if you are interested in me and my story, I\'ll be waiting for your reply, your story, your questions...

I\'ll gladly answer!
Sincerely
Irina
