Let\'s DISCOVER new FEELINGS together, {name} ! I am READY to change my life cardinally with the BEST MAN  IN ALL THE WORLD for me! 

What I am doing here? I will never stop dreaming that one day we can be a real family, together, all of us laughing and talking, loving and understanding, not looking at the past, but only to the future. A home with a loving and loyal husband and wife, the marriage which can be based on love and righteousness.  I am here to find a person, who understands and connects with me in every way and on every level, which brings a sense of peace, calmness and happiness when I will be around that man. When I find you, I will aware of the beauty in life, because I get a great gift and always be thankful.  

I am positive and many-sided lady. I really enjoy cooking. It is a relaxing hobby with a pleasant reward at the end. I want to meet you after hard working day with your favorite dish. What do you like to eat? I am going to the dance classes. I want to learn dance Tango. To my mind, it\'s very passionate and romantic dance. Do you like to dance with me under the stars? I also enjoy travelling.I have a dream to see all the world. Of course it will be amazing with beloved. I hope my dream will come true one day.

I am looking for a man abroad, as I believe that maybe there men can value family more, they are more ready for commitment to one woman, they know how to treat a woman, how to respect her, and they are more responsible. It\'s my opinion. And I also hope that it\'s destiny brought me here and i will find my true love on this site.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
If You are serious man, I am ready to be your woman:) Wait for the serious answer, {name}     Natalia
