{name}, WOULD YOU LIKE TO MEET A GOOD LADY? Are you ready to fall in love with girl who is serious and is interested in marriage?
My name is Kate. I am tired to be alone and I am looking for right man. I don\’t need perfect man because nobody is perfect! I am looking for MY MAN here, for man who will understand me and support, who will become my friend, my soul, my lover, my husband. 
I know how to make you happy and I am ready to give you all my love and my heart! I want to tell you everything and ready to share with you my thoughts, my views, my inner world. I am ready to open the door to my heart and show you my inner beauty! Candy wrappers could be nice, but the taste of the candy is the most important. You will be satisfied by the taste of my inner beauty. I want you to love not only my body, but me! Is inner beauty important for you???
The most important thing for me is family. I still believe in true love and I know that love is everywhere, but we could do all that depend from us and to find it. And if there is a need we should fight for love. We couldn\’t get what we want and just lay on the sofa. We should work...work hard...and relations are the thing which we have to build! I believe in love, believe in relationships and believe that everything depends on us! What do you think? Do you agree with me?
I am interesting and cheerful person. I have many friends and we like to spend time together. I like communicate with new people! I love to travel and learn new places!
I want to fall in love with you. I want to be happy with you. I want to come home and know that you are waiting for me! I want to know that I am not alone. I want to have person, who is close to me, who I can rely on, who will take care of me, who will be tender with me...and who will not betray me and who will not leave me in trouble!
I want you to know that I am ready to give you all my love, my body, my support. You could rely on me. And I want to take care of you, to cook something tasty, make tea and bake cake, I want to do tender and warm things for you, which are not so important from the first sight, but we all need them and can\’t live without them.
I hope that you the man that I need. And I hope that I don\’t do mistake because my heart chose you!
Hope that you are interested in me and I am waiting for your answer!!!
Sincerely yours, Kate
