{name}, аre YOU ready to be acquainted with a REAL Ukrainian girl? Are you ready to make a happy couple with an open-minded woman? Just read this and don\’t hesitate to write me back! 
So, first of all I want to start with some interesting information about me! I am a decisive person - I don\’t stay in one place and don\’t wait for something or somebody I move, work, even struggle for my happiness. I try to be up-to-date: attending different trainings and seminars, interested in psychology and Italian cuisine, playing tennis and listening to rock and classical music, reading fantasy and playing the piano, yes, I am sure that I am not just an ordinary person lol, am I?
All my life I live with my parents in our own house and enjoy open space in my own territory, sometimes just enjoy staying alone and think about my future and life, sometimes play with my dog Nicks, I am close to nature life. But I think I could live in a big city, or town, or even village, no matter where, it depends on a person near me. My lovely man can make my life happy in every part of the world! Lovely people make lovely atmosphere whenever they are!
Though I live with my parents I am an independent person, I work in a travel agency and know much about different countries. I began to learn English to help myself at work and just to communicate easily with my man (husband) as well. Of course, I want to be open to the world and people around me, because year after year we get closer to each other – the Internet connection, accessibility of getting quicker to different parts of the world etc...
If you are a serious man, with a great sense of humor, who likes traveling and don\’t mind of turning the loud music on and driving the car at deep night, YOU ARE WELCOME! I am waiting for you! I want to share my romantic nights and days full of love and care with you!
Ask any question you want and don\’t lose your chance to be in a warm hugs with Ukrainian woman!  My soul is open, my lonely heart is waiting for a real man who can take me and be happy for long years of our life! Let\’s know each other better and just try, life is so interesting and unpredictable, right?
Shy kiss from Natalie.
