Hi {name}, are you ready to start a new page of your life with hot pepper woman? Because I\'m here for this.
Now I\'m ready to open my heart towards feelings! I want to find my special man who will be my joy and happiness till the end of my life! I\'m sure YOU NEED the same things with an interesting woman!
Everyone should be individual and then he achieves something in his life. I always DESIRE something bigger than it is, and I aspire to it. Every day I try to become better than yesterday! What are your goals?
I do not allow myself any bad thoughts, because a person must be beautiful inside! Appearance is nothing without inner beauty. Age gap is not important for me either, because I am looking for the mature man with the good life experience! I am ready to leave my country and practice English for the perfect level. Yes, we have enough poor and hard situation with the economics in Ukraine, but it is not my main reason for moving abroad! I FEEL SOME CLOSE CHEMISTRY TO FOREIGN CULTURES, TRAVELLINGS, CUISINES, TRADITIONS, LANGUAGES AND OF COURSE MEN. Ukrainian men are not perfect; they play the wrong role in some relations with women: If you want to get to know more, we can discuss it:
What do I expect to find in my man? Of course it\'s kindness, warmth and reliability. I only need a sense that he is by my side and he loves me to feel myself happy! I also believe that for the understanding it is not necessary to be similar. We need to complement each other, don\'t we?
I like to live in a comfortable environment, I love cooking. I am fond of different world cuisines and it is really cool to experience the dishes from all the world American, Mexican, French, German, Swiss food!!!! What can be more exciting than to learn about the foreign cultures and languages! Moreover, I have a dream - to open my own restaurant ABROAD! Can we start our common family\'s business in your place?
You need to know one important thing, I guess. I am enough mature lady and I am very serious about my love search here. I am not a candy, I can say I am a pepper woman. Some men just want to play and write the endless letters without sense and some purposes. Please be serious about me because I am ready to meet my man and to communicate in real English atmosphere!
I can add one more important thing, I am fond of sports, you can watch it in my video ;)
Just write me, YOUR NATALIA, and perhaps I would be the one who you are looking for so long.
