DEAR {name}! DO YOU BELIEVE IN LOVE FROM FIRST SIGHT ? WHAT DOES IT MEAN FOR YOU ?

I hope you felt something in your heart when you saw my profile and now you want find something native and similarity with you in my letter . I understand that I\'m not such ordinary lady who can be loved by all men . And I DON\'T NEED it! I just want find MY THE ONE MAN ! Special to me and someone who will find something special in me . So I just want to tell you about myself and some my principles in life . Let me start it now , please .

As I said in my description – I amm in competition with no one . I\'m clear and true lady without something fake . I hate sweet lie , I prefer know bitter truth . And how about you ?

As about the love is role in my life . If I ever have a choice between my soulmate and very rich man to marry with –I will choose my love without doubts . Ohh I\'m sure you have heard a lot about love .But I think , there is no reason to describe it , love presences in our lives to show its power , it doesn\'t need description . Do you think so ?

Okay , let is fall down from the sky ? I\'m going to tell you about my earth life. I work as a bartender at one famous restaurant in Rivne . I like it , cause I have free time for life , my job is just a way to make money for life , it\'s not the reason of it and I am ready to change it “the next day “) . And how about you ? What\'s your profession , do you like it ? How much time does it take you every day ? Could you find few hours for me ?

When I have possibility , I always try to find something new . For example – visit new city , concert , movie , café or just stay at home and listen to new music . I like changes cause it is a progress . So I am not such person wo is afraid to leave comfortable zone . I\'m able to do it . If I understand that you are my man – I will go with you to the corner of this World .Could you do something like this for your lady ?

If you want know me better and ready to start build strong relation – GIVE ME A SIGN!

 Katia is waiting for it