Don\'t be surprise about that :) Not so long ago I turned my life around and open my coffee house. So I would like to make you a cup of this delicious drink from my loving hands? :)

How are you doing? I do hope to come in your life and full every your day with passion and love... I come here as I strongly believe to find my soul mate here... Maybe with you my dream can come true: will you be my Romeo?

When you\'re in love: age, miles, height, and weight are just numbers. Why care what other people think about it, do whatever feels right to you, be with person who makes you happy! I want to make my man happy, to share all amazing moments in life together, to travel around the world, to go camping together, to spend cozy evenings at home, enjoy sunrises on the seashore, to wake up you with sweet kiss every morning! I want to be your protection and shelter when you will feel unhappy, I want to be next to you in ups and downs as I believe that together people can overcome everything, do you agree with me? I do want to see my life next to you just give this chance to me!

I am cheerful and positive lady, sociable and creative! I love this life and laugh, I like to see people around me happy and I want to make you happy too! I am economist according to my education and own coffee house now. I think my profession is useful nowadays and I can use it in any sphere :) Would you like your wife calculate the family budget also?

I\'m adult lady now and I know what I want from life. I want to find man from abroad because Ukrainian men are not very serious in their intensions. One of my friend married man from Belgium couple of years ago. She is more than happy with him now after long lonely years here in Ukraine. Do you know any friend of yours who find wife from abroad?

I hope you are interested in me and have many questions to ask! I am looking forwards to get positive reply from you, to get chance to come into your life! Will we continue the unhappy story of Juliet and Romeo by the very happy end together? :)

Have nice and successful day with the smell of coffee!

Juliet is waiting for you, Romeo ;)
