{name}, I\'VE GOT A SURPRISE FOR YOU! ARE YOU READY FOR A FARY TALE WITH ME? I can give it to you! Our life\'s great journey is called love, and I hope it starts here and now!

I\`m really happy to write to you and I would like to know you better!

I\`m tired to be lonely and I want to find my second half here.

May be you are that one who will be special for me honey? I hope so!

I want to know my partner, to understand him and to support his interests. I wait the same from him. Together we can create relationship with love, friendship and support! They will be stability and firm.

Love is fragile substance. I believe in passion after 20 or 50 years together. And I know a lot of examples in life and in history. I also know, that to safe feelings and desire is hardworking for every day. But it will be the most easiest when you have love in your heart! I\’m ready to love and to make happier my man!

Ideal partner… Who is he? I know right answer. He\’s my love, my passion, my tenderness. Yes, if woman is in love, she will give all for man and create the coziest life for him. But her feeling should be reciprocity!

I can say many words about my ideal man. You can read such words in others girls\’ profiles. But what the main? The main is your and my character, our habits and our feelings. We must approach to each other and should not wait impossible!

I\’m active person and I have got many interests and hobbies. I like traveling and beautiful landscapes. I don\’t want to be with a boring person, without any interests and homebody. I am a hardworking girl, I work as an administrator. Every day I meet new people and grow as personality.

Moreover, cozy home evenings are very attractive for me. I like watching stars and dreams. I also found of cooking. In addition, I like landscape and interior design, but it only a hobby for me. The main is your support in all my interests and beginnings! I also can be a friend and companion for you. The trust is the main thing in relationship.

My ideal man is a leader at home, work and life. But with me he\’s gentle and loving. I want to be woman with my man… the woman of his life!

Are you a real man with kind heart, open soul and feelings? I wait for your letter. Maybe, we can write the happiest love story together!

I hope for your answer soon
Marina
