Hello {name} :)
I\'d like to invite you for a cup of coffee? What coffee do you like? Maybe, you prefer tea? Different tastes don\'t mean that people can\'t live side by side happily for a long time under one roof. I\'d like to have an opportunity to know you better. I hope you don\'t mind to spend some time in my company having a tasty drink and chatting. I am sure we will find out many interesting and exciting things about each other? I like the country you live in and hope to visit it meeting you one day?
The time streams very fast, so why shall we wait! Let\'s spend it together and feel each moment of it\'s beauty. It is said that the best and the most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even heard, but must be felt with the heart. So, let\'s give our hearts a chance to feel them with all their might. Would you like to join me? Would you like to feel the life as I do?
We both have enough life experience to share and be sure who we want to see as a life partner. I own a variety of emotional tastes and I\'m ready to share them with you. I am an open and sincere person. I don\'t hide my feeling, I am used to show them and let others know how I feel. But I prefer not to demonstrate sadness or frustration because I do not want others to feel sorry for me or see me weak. I am convinced that only the closest person should know both achievements and failures. Can we become such people for each other? I hope we will use this chance?
My life consists of respect and care, responsibilities and duties, adventures and excitements. But there isn\'t love and family. It is very important for me to create firm and lasting relationships. It happened so that I haven\'t met the man to do it. That's why I\'d like to try my chance with you. Are you that man with a big tender heart who is ready to fill in this missing part?
Emotional part is very important for me. I\'m convinced that a loving and cozy atmosphere at home is the foundation of the happy life. I do believe that we will be able to create it being attentive to each other. I think that foreign men are more romantic and reliable and it is what I appreciate. So, I decided to find my soul mate abroad and I have a strong belief that my effort will be successful with you.
I hope my invitation will be accepted and we will have a chance to continue our acquaintance:)
Yours,
Julia
