{name}, do YOU like exploring the WORLD like I do? :)

To tell you the truth it was long way for me to come here… I decided to join this site to find my true happiness and life partner. My school classmate was on this site and found her husband here! I am happy for her and I do believe that I will be lucky here too :) Maria and Gerard are living in little town in France. She send me photos of their loving couple, show their cozy home, places they visited… They are very happy and I hope I will make some man (maybe you) happy too. How you decided to join this site?

Let\’s tweet together! I may surprise you with my language skills that are quite good :) Except Ukrainian and Russian I can speak English. I think it is very important for our future relations to communicate with each other freely. Also I can speak Turkish and started to learn Italian. We know that “love language” is international and known to most of people but we need to speak about 1000 topics and more so my language skills will come in hand for that. I want to tell you that Ukrainian language is very beautiful and I would like to sing in it to you :wink: One of my hobbies is music: I can sing and play piano. Of course I\’m not professional but you won\’t be shy when we\’ll visit karaoke together :) Would you like to go there with me?

I will always tell the truth and I am not going to play any games with your head or your heart. So please do not do this to me. I got some unserious letters here with proposals to be their sex escort.
I am here to find the love of my life. I have very serious intentions to keep searching until he finally comes into my life and will be beside me. I believe in fate and if we are meant to be together then it will be fate and determination that will lead us to meet face to face. And who knows what fate already has in store for us :)

I have foreign biometrical passport and I am easy to move. Due to my work I travel around the world and I\’m fond of different cultures. I was in Turkey, Bulgaria, China, UAE, Poland, Czech Republic, Hungary, Germany, Switzerland, Italy, France, Spain, Israel… Maybe we can meet in your country or you will visit my city?

I hope you will decide to know me better and who knows: maybe this letter is a beginning of new period in our lives…

Hope to hear from you soon!

Your cherry lady,
Iryna or shortly Ira
