{name}, Will YOU open the GATES to HAPPINESS? I\'m knocking to the door of YOUR HEART :)

With warm hugs I invite you to know me better and decide that I\'m the best choice in your life :)

Let me introduce myself: My name is Yaroslava. 100% Slavic name just like me :) It means \"bright glory\". Such positive name has a great influence on me and people around me. My family and friends call me Yasya - you can choose what you like more :) Do you want to make life brighter together?

I\'m active lady with a lot of interests. Now I\'m on that period of life when woman decides that she wants to start a family. I have quite good career but that is not the only thing I want to achieve in my life. I truly want to have a happy family where Love, Faithfulness and Honesty are on the first place. That\'s why I decided to join this agency. I\'m seriously interested to find my Man here. Would you like to start relationships with such lady?

To tell you the truth I\'m a bit shy person but I want to tell you one interesting fact. Some years ago I was visiting sea with my parents. We were walking down the street when one old gypsy woman called us. My mother told her that she wouldn\'t give her money for empty words. But gypsy told her: \"Your daughter will have the same fate as you and your mother (my grandmother): She will marry older man: But that man will be from abroad:\" And she let us go without taking any money. We were surprised and giggled a little about it. Now I\'m thinking that gypsy was right :) Do you have such experience in your life?

So now I\'m learning English to communicate with my Man freely. I think when you want to achieve something - you will do it. I\'m not a lazy person so it is easy for me to have a lot of hobbies and not to get bored. I like watching films. Most of genres - the main criteria for me is plot and idea. What kind of films do you like to watch?

I will be very happy if my man will respect and appreciate my achievements, and if he will respect me as a person. This is what I want from my man most of all. And this is will be really cool if he will have some common tastes, but of course, this is not necessarily. I want to be best of the best for my man, and I want my man will strive to this too. My man just should respect me and care about me, I will do this too.

I will let you go for now, hope to hear from you very soon!

Sincerely,
Yaroslava or shortly Yasya
