{name}, I\'m ready to meet in Poland.  I am from Ukraine, but at this time I am working in Zheshuv now. I do not usually take the first step to the acquaintance with a gentleman, but I was told it has to be this way hereSmile Well, I\'m not a girl anymore to feel shy, and something new is always great, right? So this is me, a simple lady from the western part of Ukraine, who is new here and who is trying her luck, her destiny in a new and unusual way.

So who am I? I am a woman with some rich past, where the life itself gave me a bunch of good lessons. But every kind of experience is given us to make us stronger and successful in future, agree? My past has made me who I am now and has led me where I am now, so I am here to go on and to move forward…Of course to do it I need my partner, a man with common views and common values of life. I am not a desperate dreamer so I\'am looking neither for a prince, nor for a king. I need a real gentleman with real intentions, beliefs, feelings and desires. The one who is seriously looking for a life spouse but not for games.

I'\m here to develop the relations, ready to meet you in person and of course, if it goes this way, ready to relocate and change my life. There are no guarantees, but I have real, pure intentions and if you do the same, we can find some common ground.

Well, a few words about myself. I am an educator, a pedagogist. Actually I teach music at a musical college and I like it a lot. Music is my inspiration, my work and my love))). But life has done so that I have the second profession which is a stylist and a hairdresser. It is more practical and it gives additional income and is a kind of hobby. I think it will help me to stay occupied if I decide to relocate and change a country of residence.

Well, I do have lots to tell and to ask… I wonder what would you like to know about me? Of course, you are welcome to ask. And of course I\’ll be glad to get a reply from you, the one who is also looking for his future)))

Regards,
Olesia
