HI {name}! I\'m VIKA, I\'m looking for TREASURE, CAN I LOOK AROUND YOUR LIPS?

I am a serious girl with a good sense of humorWink In this site I\'m looking for true and only love. Perhaps you want to ask why I was not looking among Ukrainian men, I will say you, HONEY: it\'s a genetic craving : ) My mother is a foreigner. In the Soviet Union, she had studied at the Ukrainian university. My mother met my father and did not return to her homeland. It was a very brave step to do: leave her family for the search of beloved man. MMM it\'s so romantic: Do you want to know the continue of this story, darling?

My dream is to give warmth to you, and be loved, by my sweet man. Maybe it\'s you, my honey? I want to give you caress and wrap you care. I want to be your other half and faithful companion for life. I WANT TO DESIGN YOUR LIFE IN THE BETTER SIDE THAT IS FULL OF LOVE AND PASSION!

I WOULD LIKE TO REALISE your wishes a reality, and together we will be able to MAKE DREAMS COME TRUE!!! Are you ready to go to a dizzying journey?

By the way, I heard that foreigners are able to take care of women. But the women of your country do not always know how to appreciate it. Is it true, HONEY?

In Ukraine, the opposite is true: women know how to give pleasure to men. I\'m one of them Wink You can consider yourself like a lucky man : )

For me, I would change my daily life for you. I am big believer in finding harmony between two hearts, two souls. You have your daily routines, your habits, your traditions, your favorite things. Maybe you enjoy visiting nature on way home from work or you enjoy morning shopping for fresh fruit or bread. Maybe you prefer to play music when you come home from work and dance with no shoes on. Would YOU CHANGE these habits for your woman or would you ENJOY sharing them with her?

So, if we share our worlds together we will a do just our daily routine for each other? I am ready to discovery our routines, your world))

I must say some words about myself: I\'m full of strength and energy young lady. I work as a programmer, I have many hobbies, spend free time with my friends. I love to chat and get to know people. My goal is to find my beloved man. For the sake of achieving the goal I am ready: MMM I'm ready: ok, I\'ll want to whisper only in your ear, HONEY : )

I believe in the chemistry between the people. I feel the flavor of chemistry between us.

Kisses, hugs, your MAGIC LADY VIKAWink

PS. Don\'t make me wait long for your answer!
