{name}, GIVE ME ONE CHANCE TO CHARM YOU! LOVE ME! KISS ME! FEEL ME! I am here and I am for you!

I hope you are well and still looking for a soul mate and serious relationship ...I have looked through your profile and I would like to learn more about you. I wish our acquaintance will be an interesting with a happy end.

My name is Irina. I work as a television anchor woman in the local TV station. Do you like to watch news? How often do you watch news during the day? I live is not far from the center of Rivne and I really like to meet with you at the cozy cafe at our city one happy day for us.

I think it is very important to find a second half, my second star on the big endless sky, a real person who understand you, who feel your minds, who think the same thoughts as You, just to a closely people of everything, and of course to be simply friends. Because every relations begins from friendship! Do you agree with me?

Are the women in your country friendly and tender? why there are so many divorces in your country? I noticed one thing, whenever a divorced woman talks about her ex-husband, it\'s always unequivocally his fault that she decided to terminate the relationship. Her overweening belief in her own righteousness will start to bleed-through quite clearly. She will be able to gab on and on about whose fault it was (and it\'s never her). This all goes back to the whole issue of females despising accountability. Women would rather believe the flimsiest of manufactured excuses than even think that they might have had some responsibility for their divorces. But Ukrainian women are differ from the women in your country. I hope that you will be sooo happy with me:)

Do you like the active way of life? I adore to keep an active and healthy way of life. I adore traveling, rest on the seashore and mountains... I am going to the gym, pool and sauna regularly...But most of all I adore yoga, I was a teacher of yoga during 5 years and had my own group, it was my hobby after working day...I will continue to do this when I recolate to the foreign country. Will you help me?

I want to create an ideal world with my man, to have a cozy dwelling full of joy and harmony, to spend a nice vocation and weekends, to make plans for the future and every our day will be special and beautiful full of pleasant emotions, we will do what we like, we will never fight, will enjoy every minutes of this life together...if only you will give me a chance to know each other better...Do you want to live in this world with your special and passionate lady...with me?!
There are so many things, my heart wants to say. I hope I\’II have such opportunity!!!

Wait with impatience on your reply!!!

Tenderly, your Irina
