How are YOU, my SIR, {name}? May I take your time a little for introducing myself?
I do want to be interesting for you , but I tell you only the truth . There is no reason to start relations with lie . Do you agree with me?

Let me to start …Hmm… what to tell you at first ?.. Okay I\’ll begin from my childhood .
I was grown up in typical Ukrainian family , where father loves mother , mother loves father and they respect each other . I haven\’t been witness of their quarrels and it seems they had never had disputes ;)Sounds ideal but it\’s true . My parents are still together , and their recipe of happy life is having mutual interests .They climb the mountain together , they swim in sea together , they go abroad also hand by hand –they were example for me and inspired –LONG LOVE EXIST!
I want to build strong relations too . Why with man from another country ?-Why not? I understand that it isn\’t answer ), but really –why not? Many my relatives are living abroad and I often travel to Germany for visiting them , I\’ve been studied at Polish University Lazarski at legal course . So I know that the World isn\’t just Ukrainian borders ))Also I\’ve been there alone, just with one friend but without parents –new country , new city , new people . I wasn’t afraid and coped with it .So I\’m not afraid of moving to another country with my man if he will support me .

I don\’t know what country I\’d like relocate to ,cause who knows where my love is living now and where he wants to live in future .;) I\’ll go ahead with MY man to the corner of this World !

My interests are different . I\’m fond of riding horses, I like animals at all .When I was small I always have pets – cat , dog . My parents learnt me how to treat them and care about . It gave me a good lesson how to be responsible for someone .
I like swimming everywhere – lakes , rivers and sea . When it\’s cold outside I go to swimming pool . And how about you , dear ? Do you like such kind of sport .Would you like to enjoy it with me ?
My parents are good friend to me but they respect my point of view and keep distance when I want do something by myself .I told them about my plan- find man for life from another country . They don\’t mind and said \”Hm , nice plan, we will visit you often. \“ So easy !I was surprised;)
I go to mountains and sea each seasons . Work and responsibilities are important but everybody needs to have good rest systematically . I keep it but now with my friends .Ohh how I would like enjoy romantic summer sky or skiing on white snowy mountains with MY MAN! And how do YOU spend your vocations ?
I gave you a little piece of me , of my life in this letter .I hope you felt who I am and will let me feel whom you are in your next letter to me . I have a lot of warmth , love and care which I\’ve been collected all these years for my man . Now it\’s time for giving it . Now it\’s time to love and to be loved.
I\’m waiting for your letter . Stay in touch , dear .
Let\’s check us as a pair ! Let\’s try to build serious relations !What is life without hope ?))
I wait your letter . 
Olga from Western part of Ukraine !
