{name}, Let\'s PAINT this WORLD with BRIGHT colors! :)

I\’m so glad to find you there and I know that our acquaintance will lead to something more :)

Let me tell you something about myself. My name is Julia, I\'m painter and future teacher of art. Someday I want to become a makeup artist – I believe every woman is beautiful. Do you agree with me?

I\’m from West Ukrainian city Rivne. It is quite old, more than 700 years. If you are interested about ancient architecture you can find old excavated castle in the city center. Not so long ago it was discovered and now it is restoring for tourists. I wish to discover something old and something new with you. Are you with me? :)

Traveling is my passion. Like one Ukrainian musician said: \'No matter how old your shoes are, when you are walking in them in PARIS\'. I fully agree with this quotation and I think that travelling helps to broad your mind more that new cloth. My family is very active and we try to go to some new place a couple of times during the year. Last summer we lived on wild sea coast in tents :) It was unforgettable – I like distant places. Where do you like to travel?

As you can guess I\'m very active, broad-minded, curious and passionate lady. When I like something – I can do it without stopping. When I love somebody – I love this person with all my heart. I think I get this from my parents, who are living in happy marriage more than 20 years. By the way, they started to date in high school and their love is only growing from that time. You can see nice “fruits” of their love: my sister and me :)

One of the things I do well is cooking. I started to cook when I was in middle school and my mom was surprised about that. I even dreamed to be a famous cook but my teacher of art told me that I have a good talent in drawing and I should develop it. So painting is my job and hobby which brings me a lot of joy :) Do you choose the profession you dreamed to have in childhood or no?

In addition I want to tell you that I\'m always OPEN for a new step in my life. I\'m waiting for your answer :D

See you very soon!

Julia from Ukraine

